Notes for meeting

Some of the main points of the conversations we have already had.

As you know we are building an enterprise solution to bring together the different departments information to remove manual processes.  This will drastically improve accuracy and efficiency in the companies processes. 

	One of the main points to the system is the ability to seamlessly connect with SunEdison's system, which is where we need help understanding what we need to do to make that happen. 

	We are really in the beginnning stages of the conversations about integrating the system we are developing and the current SunEdison system.



	What do they want to see?

	We want to be able to group 

	mulesoft for integration

	Regu

		API developers
			Waji
			Areena

	Thursday 3:30 PT
		Bahareh will have information regarding the API.  We'll find out then how much of a hole we are in.

	To Do

	WHat to do with descrepencies between production and benchmarks?
	Update the Launchpad benchmark sheet?
	What to do with this in the future?
	Follow up with Chad tomorrow morning

		Skype
		Chad.Spence37

	Wayne:  Can we make dashboard available to inactive reps

Make sure to find out what happened to Customer Francisco, Trujillo and Juan Nunez?

Questions with Nate
	1. Can we have PDA without proposals being accepted?  It seems that we can
	1. What is the status in NetSuite that indicates that PDA has been completed?
	2. Before, that job did not have a customer.  I can't find any other issues at this point? 
	3. The Date Sold field will need to be at a much earlier point.  Otherwise we are going to end up with some dissapointed reps 
	4.  This isn't a problem.  You can reach PDA without a contract being signed
	5.  Alright.  That sounds good to me.

7.25
8.925


Follow up meeteing that week to meet with Dan, Cody, Zac *******Confirm with Chad about when this will happen so I can give them a heads up

Meeting to map out 

By end of next week will have migration plan completely mapped out


Quick proposal fix
Reporting team
CPM to Rep communication


project priorities

Payroll: Wayne's on Payroll
	Next Wednesday complete
Tom's List: Eric is owning these
	2 days for priorities
Security
	Monitoring
	Waiting to hear back on report
Infrastructure